README.md, before:

# Link&Load Security Platform

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/pratiyk/Link-Load)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.9+-green.svg)](https://python.org)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-18+-blue.svg)](https://reactjs.org)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)

Link&Load is a comprehensive cybersecurity scanning platform designed to help organizations identify, assess, and remediate security vulnerabilities across their digital infrastructure. The platform provides automated security testing capabilities including OWASP Top 10 vulnerability detection, malicious link analysis, phishing detection, dark web monitoring, and attack surface mapping.

---

## Overview

Link&Load combines traditional vulnerability scanning with modern threat intelligence gathering to provide a complete picture of an organization's security posture.

---

## Core Features

### Security Scanning Modules

- **Link Scanner**: Integrates with VirusTotal and Google Safe Browsing APIs to analyze URLs and detect malicious content, phishing attempts, and other web-based threats.
- **OWASP Top 10 Scanner**: Uses OWASP ZAP, Nuclei, and Wapiti tools to identify common web application security issues.
- **Phishing Detection**: Machine learning algorithms with 15+ URL feature extractors to classify potentially malicious websites and phishing attempts.
- **Dark Web Monitoring**: Monitors data breach databases and dark web sources to identify compromised credentials and sensitive data.
- **Threat Intelligence**: Real-time analysis of IP addresses and domains using multiple threat intelligence sources.
- **Vulnerability Scanner**: Scans software packages and dependencies against known vulnerability databases.
- **Attack Surface Mapping**: Discovers subdomains, open ports, and exposed services.
- **Automated Remediation**: Generates remediation recommendations and automated fix commands.

### Platform Capabilities

- **Real-time Processing**: Live progress updates via WebSocket.
- **Scan Management**: Start, pause, cancel, and resume scans.
- **Report Generation**: Export options in PDF, CSV, and JSON.
- **User Authentication**: JWT-based authentication and role-based access control.
- **Analytics Dashboard**: Vulnerability trends, risk scoring, and compliance reporting.
- **Modern Interface**: Responsive web UI built with React and Tailwind CSS.

---

## Technical Architecture

### Backend

- **FastAPI**: High-performance Python web framework.
- **PostgreSQL/Supabase**: Scalable database.
- **SQLAlchemy**: ORM and migrations.
- **Pydantic**: Data validation.
- **JWT Authentication**: Secure token-based auth.
- **AsyncIO**: Concurrent scan execution.
- **Machine Learning**: scikit-learn and joblib for phishing detection.

### Frontend

- **React 18**: Modern JS framework.
- **React Router**: Client-side routing.
- **Tailwind CSS**: Utility-first styling.
- **Axios**: HTTP client.
- **WebSocket**: Real-time updates.
- **Context API**: State management.

### Security Tools

- **OWASP ZAP**: Web app security testing.
- **Nuclei**: Template-based vulnerability scanner.
- **Wapiti**: Web app vulnerability assessment.

---

## Installation and Setup

### Quick Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/pratiyk/Link-Load.git
cd Link-Load

# Backend setup
cd backend
pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env
python health_check.py
python -m uvicorn app.main:app --reload

# Frontend setup (in a new terminal)
cd ../frontend
npm install
cp .env.example .env.local
npm start
```

### Service URLs

- **Frontend**: http://localhost:3000
- **Backend API**: http://localhost:8000
- **API Docs**: http://localhost:8000/docs

---

## Project Documentation

- Setup Instructions: Detailed installation guide
- Quick Start Guide: Fast setup for development
- [API Documentation](http://localhost:8000/docs): Interactive OpenAPI docs

---

## Use Cases

- **Enterprise Security Teams**: Continuous vulnerability assessment and compliance monitoring.
- **Development Teams**: CI/CD integration for automated security testing.
- **Security Researchers**: Comprehensive testing and threat intelligence.
- **Compliance Officers**: Automated scanning and reporting for regulatory requirements.
- **Training/Education**: Security awareness and red team exercises.

---

## Security Implementation

### Authentication & Authorization

- JWT token-based authentication
- Role-based access control
- Session management with timeout and token rotation

### Data Protection

- HTTPS/TLS for all API communications
- SSL-secured database connections
- Environment variable management for sensitive data
- Input validation and sanitization

### Infrastructure Security

- Rate limiting (SlowAPI)
- CORS policy configuration
- Security headers (HSTS, CSP, X-Frame-Options)
- SQL injection and XSS protection

---

## Project Structure

```text
linkload/
├── backend/
│   ├── app/
│   │   ├── api/
│   │   ├── core/
│   │   ├── database/
│   │   ├── models/
│   │   ├── services/
│   │   └── utils/
│   ├── logs/
│   ├── ml_models/
│   └── requirements.txt
├── frontend/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/
│   │   ├── pages/
│   │   ├── services/
│   │   └── utils/
│   ├── public/
│   └── package.json
├── docs/
├── SETUP_INSTRUCTIONS.md
├── QUICKSTART.md
└── README.md
```

---

## API Endpoints

### Authentication

```http
POST /api/v1/auth/register    # User registration
POST /api/v1/auth/login       # User authentication
POST /api/v1/auth/refresh     # Token refresh
POST /api/v1/auth/logout      # User logout
```

### Security Scanning

```http
POST /api/v1/scan/start       # Start scan
GET  /api/v1/scan/{id}/status # Scan progress
GET  /api/v1/scan/{id}        # Scan results
POST /api/v1/scan/{id}/cancel # Cancel scan
GET  /api/v1/scan/{id}/export # Export report
```

### Specialized Services

```http
POST /api/v1/link_scan        # URL malware analysis
POST /api/v1/phishing/predict # Phishing detection
POST /api/v1/darkweb_scan     # Data breach monitoring
POST /api/v1/vuln_scan        # Package vulnerability scan
POST /api/v1/attack_surface   # Attack surface mapping
```

---

## Development Roadmap

### Near-term

- Docker containerization
- Kubernetes manifests and Helm charts
- Test suite (pytest, Jest)
- GitHub Actions CI/CD
- Redis integration

### Future

- Granular role-based access control
- Advanced compliance dashboard
- API rate limiting (Redis)
- Malware analysis
- Smart contract auditing
- Mobile apps

---

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Implement improvements with tests
4. Submit a pull request

Please review contributing guidelines and code of conduct.

---

## License

MIT License. See LICENSE file for details.

---

## Support & Contact

- **Issues**: GitHub Issues
- **Docs**: See docs/ directory
- **Community**: GitHub Discussions
- **Security Reports**: GitHub security advisories

---

## Acknowledgments

- OWASP Foundation
- ProjectDiscovery (Nuclei)
- Supabase
- FastAPI and React communities

---

*Last updated: October 2025*

---

Commit message:

- Implement threat intel integration - Develop MITRE ATT&CK mapping - Create initial ML models - Build risk scoring engine - Enhance API capabilities

README.md, after:

# Link&Load Security Platform

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-1.0.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/pratiyk/Link-Load)
[![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.9+-green.svg)](https://python.org)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-18+-blue.svg)](https://reactjs.org)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)

Link&Load is a comprehensive cybersecurity scanning platform designed to help organizations identify, assess, and remediate security vulnerabilities across their digital infrastructure. The platform provides automated security testing capabilities including OWASP Top 10 vulnerability detection, malicious link analysis, phishing detection, dark web monitoring, and attack surface mapping.

---

## Overview

Link&Load is an AI-powered vulnerability intelligence platform that provides comprehensive vulnerability discovery, threat contextualization, and risk quantification through advanced machine learning and MITRE ATT&CK framework integration.

---

## Core Features

### Security Scanning Modules

- **Link Scanner**: Integrates with VirusTotal and Google Safe Browsing APIs to analyze URLs and detect malicious content, phishing attempts, and other web-based threats.
- **OWASP Top 10 Scanner**: Uses OWASP ZAP, Nuclei, and Wapiti tools to identify common web application security issues.
- **Phishing Detection**: Machine learning algorithms with 15+ URL feature extractors to classify potentially malicious websites and phishing attempts.
- **Dark Web Monitoring**: Monitors data breach databases and dark web sources to identify compromised credentials and sensitive data.
- **Threat Intelligence**: Real-time analysis of IP addresses and domains using multiple threat intelligence sources.
- **Vulnerability Scanner**: Scans software packages and dependencies against known vulnerability databases.
- **Attack Surface Mapping**: Discovers subdomains, open ports, and exposed services.
- **Automated Remediation**: Generates remediation recommendations and automated fix commands.

### Platform Capabilities

- **Real-time Processing**: Live progress updates via WebSocket.
- **Scan Management**: Start, pause, cancel, and resume scans.
- **Report Generation**: Export options in PDF, CSV, and JSON.
- **User Authentication**: JWT-based authentication and role-based access control.
- **Analytics Dashboard**: Vulnerability trends, risk scoring, and compliance reporting.
- **Modern Interface**: Responsive web UI built with React and Tailwind CSS.

---

## Technical Architecture

### Backend

- **FastAPI**: High-performance Python web framework.
- **PostgreSQL/Supabase**: Scalable database.
- **SQLAlchemy**: ORM and migrations.
- **Pydantic**: Data validation.
- **JWT Authentication**: Secure token-based auth.
- **AsyncIO**: Concurrent scan execution.
- **Machine Learning**: scikit-learn and joblib for phishing detection.

### Frontend

- **React 18**: Modern JS framework.
- **React Router**: Client-side routing.
- **Tailwind CSS**: Utility-first styling.
- **Axios**: HTTP client.
- **WebSocket**: Real-time updates.
- **Context API**: State management.

### Security Tools

- **OWASP ZAP**: Web app security testing.
- **Nuclei**: Template-based vulnerability scanner.
- **Wapiti**: Web app vulnerability assessment.

---

## Installation and Setup

### Quick Installation

```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/pratiyk/Link-Load.git
cd Link-Load

# Backend setup
cd backend
pip install -r requirements.txt
cp .env.example .env
python health_check.py
python -m uvicorn app.main:app --reload

# Frontend setup (in a new terminal)
cd ../frontend
npm install
cp .env.example .env.local
npm start
```

### Service URLs

- **Frontend**: http://localhost:3000
- **Backend API**: http://localhost:8000
- **API Docs**: http://localhost:8000/docs

---

## Project Documentation

- Setup Instructions: Detailed installation guide
- Quick Start Guide: Fast setup for development
- [API Documentation](http://localhost:8000/docs): Interactive OpenAPI docs

---

## Use Cases

- **Enterprise Security Teams**: Continuous vulnerability assessment and compliance monitoring.
- **Development Teams**: CI/CD integration for automated security testing.
- **Security Researchers**: Comprehensive testing and threat intelligence.
- **Compliance Officers**: Automated scanning and reporting for regulatory requirements.
- **Training/Education**: Security awareness and red team exercises.

---

## Security Implementation

### Authentication & Authorization

- JWT token-based authentication
- Role-based access control
- Session management with timeout and token rotation

### Data Protection

- HTTPS/TLS for all API communications
- SSL-secured database connections
- Environment variable management for sensitive data
- Input validation and sanitization

### Infrastructure Security

- Rate limiting (SlowAPI)
- CORS policy configuration
- Security headers (HSTS, CSP, X-Frame-Options)
- SQL injection and XSS protection

---

## Project Structure

```text
linkload/
├── backend/
│   ├── app/
│   │   ├── api/
│   │   ├── core/
│   │   ├── database/
│   │   ├── models/
│   │   ├── services/
│   │   └── utils/
│   ├── logs/
│   ├── ml_models/
│   └── requirements.txt
├── frontend/
│   ├── src/
│   │   ├── components/
│   │   ├── pages/
│   │   ├── services/
│   │   └── utils/
│   ├── public/
│   └── package.json
├── docs/
├── SETUP_INSTRUCTIONS.md
├── QUICKSTART.md
└── README.md
```

---

## API Endpoints

### Authentication

```http
POST /api/v1/auth/register    # User registration
POST /api/v1/auth/login       # User authentication
POST /api/v1/auth/refresh     # Token refresh
POST /api/v1/auth/logout      # User logout
```

### Security Scanning

```http
POST /api/v1/scan/start       # Start scan
GET  /api/v1/scan/{id}/status # Scan progress
GET  /api/v1/scan/{id}        # Scan results
POST /api/v1/scan/{id}/cancel # Cancel scan
GET  /api/v1/scan/{id}/export # Export report
```

### Specialized Services

```http
POST /api/v1/link_scan        # URL malware analysis
POST /api/v1/phishing/predict # Phishing detection
POST /api/v1/darkweb_scan     # Data breach monitoring
POST /api/v1/vuln_scan        # Package vulnerability scan
POST /api/v1/attack_surface   # Attack surface mapping
```

---

## Development Roadmap

### Near-term

- Docker containerization
- Kubernetes manifests and Helm charts
- Test suite (pytest, Jest)
- GitHub Actions CI/CD
- Redis integration

### Future

- Granular role-based access control
- Advanced compliance dashboard
- API rate limiting (Redis)
- Malware analysis
- Smart contract auditing
- Mobile apps

---

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Implement improvements with tests
4. Submit a pull request

Please review contributing guidelines and code of conduct.

---

## License

MIT License. See LICENSE file for details.

---

## Support & Contact

- **Issues**: GitHub Issues
- **Docs**: See docs/ directory
- **Community**: GitHub Discussions
- **Security Reports**: GitHub security advisories

---

## Acknowledgments

- OWASP Foundation
- ProjectDiscovery (Nuclei)
- Supabase
- FastAPI and React communities

---

*Last updated: October 2025*

---
